1. To stop having sex until you meet someone who you think truly deserves it from you.
2. A French writer who is better known as having his name sound like "ball sac" than any of the works he wrote.
3. a cheap beer that generally tastes like piss that cheap bastards bring to a party.
4. The lowercase "l" is actually a capital "I".  Ai Kay Are  I know right
5. Slang for eating pussy
6. The time after your purchase of a good or service and before 'buyer's remorse' happens.
7. When something is turned up or popping ...
8. Die in a Fire
9. guitarist from pantera and damageplan; greatest guitarist known to man; 10 dollars worth of marijuana
10. the one day dick cheney doesn't have to wear a costume and can just walk around in his natural state, as the devil
11. An adorable loser
12. Slang name for the rizla paper required to roll a joint/spliff. Also known as your papers.
13. (n) The sexiest man on the block
14. An unprincipled, crafty fellow.
15. Triple B (Big Booty Bitches)
16. Blackout in a can. Drink two or three and be in for a blurry night and hell in the morning. Totally worth it!
17. Tattoo an a woman's lower back.. is indicitive of slutty tendancies.  Also: Tramp tag
18. The product of twenty eight years of perfect ageing that is too hot for most of the population to handle.
19. When sperm shoots out of a penis.
20. An extraordinarily beautiful girl. Spending time with her ranks as one of the greatest things ever.
21. A coke-snorting president. Leader of the fascist world.
22. A heady bong rip taken directly to thy dome. 
23. 1-Sensual and talented. 2- a unique woman with her own sense of style- opposite of a Barbie.
24. some slutty girl who gets into black metal or the black metal "scene" just because she likes the dudes in the band.     
25. 1. A woman whose politics are devoid of logic, reason, and/or sanity.  2. Dirty republican vundercunt.  3. See douchebag
26. Republicans that smoke weed.
27. Dodge the father  Ram the daughter
28. Double chin queen. Loves sour patch and plays the violin.
29. Similar to a creampie except you ejaculate inside of someone's mouth so far that the sperm goes into their throat rather than their mouth.
30. OH MY GAWD!!!  To be extremly shocked; in shock.
31. after you drink alcohol, but not quite drunk, and not quite sober. light headed off of alcohol, but your not drunk. slightly intoxicated..
32. The most badass line uttered by Rorschach from the movie "Watchmen."
33. A codeword for copyrighted material shared without permission, usually over P2P networks.
34. national clown day🤡... it’s when all the singles feel like clowns bc they love someone that might not love them back😪
35. People who are sexually aroused by the sound of other people's voices. 
36. If you were born on this day you may be a kind soul that's been torn a bit and that's okay but all jokes aside your a pretty awesome person.
37. Someone who is acting like a complete arse, affectionate insult
38. slang term the for the painkiller oxycontin.
39. noun, pronounced F    Also known as "pubehead", which is one who's hair resembles a mass amount of pubes upon their cranium.
40. Freshly fucked.
41. The sweetist most amazing guy on the planit, with the best smile I've ever seen. The one I love <3
42. The age you're waiting for your girlfriend to turn.
43. A hot female drama queen that gets all the guys she wants.Also very talkative.
44. v. To take a shitty jap car, add some Vtech stickers, spoiler, and fuck up the camber.
45. /cop-al-yair-oh/ – a mounted police officer (not gender specific)
46. Ghetto ass products that hardly work for shit that are terribly over priced and aren't so much as mentioned in well established computer stores.
47. when someone blocks you on twitter and unblocks you so you're not following each other anymore.
48. 1. Someone that cares enough to set a good example for kids to look up to.    2. Someone that strives to be a decent human being
49. garbage material marijuana
50. Deaf with a big "D" includes any hearing impaired individual that belongs to the Deaf community and primarily use ASL (American Sign Language).
51. Also See Montoxicated
